A. For Car Collection dataset
        1. Compare the mileage of Chevrolet Impala to Toyota Corolla. Which of the two is giving best mileage?
        2. Justify, Buying of any Ford car is better than Honda.
        3. Among all the cars which car color is the most popular and is least popular?
        4. Compare all the cars which are of silver color to the green color in terms of Mileage.
        5. Find out all the cars, and their total cost which is more than $2000?


B. For Order Data
        1. Compare all the US states in terms of Segment and Sales. Which Segment performed well in all the states?
        2. Find out top performing category in all the states?
        3. Which segment has most sales in US, California, Texas, and Washington?
        4. Compare total and average sales for all different segment?
        5. Compare average sales of different category and sub category of all the states.
        6. Find out state wise mode for Customer and Segment.California, Illinois, New York, Texas, Waashington
        [=INDEX(COLOUMNRANGE, MODE(MATCH(COLUMNRANGE,COLUMNRANGE,0{For Exact Match})))]


C. For Cookie Data
        1. Compare the profit earn by all cookie types in US, Malaysia and India.
        2. What is the average revenue generated by different types of cookies?
        3. Which country sold most Fortune and sugar cookies in 2019 and in 2020?
        4. Compare the performance of all the countries for the year 2019 to 2020. Which country perform in each of these years?
        5. Which cookie category sold on the highest price, country wise and how much profit is earned by that category overall?


D. For Loan Data
        1. How many male graduates who are not married applied for Loan? What was the highest amount?
        2. How many female graduates who are not married applied for Loan? What was the highest amount?
        3. How many male non-graduates who are not married applied for Loan? What was the highest amount?
        4. How many female graduates who are married applied for Loan? What was the highest amount?
        5. How many male and female who are not married applied for Loan? Compare Urban, Semi-urban and rular on the basis of amount.


E. Shop_Sales_Data
        1. Compare all the salesmen on the basis of profit earn.
        2. Find out most sold product over the period of May-September.
        3. Find out which of the two product sold the most over the year Computer or Laptop?
        4. Which item yield most average profit?
        5. Find out average sales of all the products and compare them.


F. Sales_Data_Samples
        1. Compare the sale of Vintage cars and Classic cars for all the countries.
        2. Find out average sales of all the products? which product yield most sale?
        3. Which country yields most of the profit for Motorcycles, Trucks and buses?
        4. Compare sales of all the items for the years of 2004, 2005.
        5. Compare all the countries on the basis of deal size.




Also for the above Data/Questions find the following (With the details explaining each regarding the data/question):
1. Regression
2. ANOVA (One factor, Two Factor).
3. Descriptive Statistics.
4. Correlation.